Adding template `qml.SelectPauliRot` (#7206)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* A new template called :class:`~.SelectPauliRot` that applies a sequence of uniformly controlled rotations to a target qubit 

>   is now available. It is an operator that appears frequently in unitary decompositions and block encoding techniques. [(#7206)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7206)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is now available. This operator appears frequently in unitary decomposition and block encoding techniques. 
  [(#7206)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7206)
```

* ``qml.structure_constants`` now accepts and outputs matrix inputs using the ``matrix`` keyword.
  [(#6861)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6861)

* Added template `qml.SelectPauliRot` that applies a sequence of uniformly controlled rotations to a target qubit.
  [(#7206)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7206)

> 

Author: ```suggestion

<h4>Qualtran Integration 🔗</h4>
```
